Health = 23

1) All Aboard! (5): Speed 7. You may move in a straight line as far as you want until contacting either an enemy or the edge of the map.  Any ally adjacent to your origin space may tag along for the ride, and are dropped off at any space adjacent to your destination.  All participating parties in the journey draw a card.
2) Rail Gun (8): Speed 6. You may fire a projectile in a straight line that travels until contacting the first enemy square. 8 damage.
3) Explosive Charge (3): Speed 2. Detonate an explosive charge to damage all enemies within 2 spaces. 4 damage.
4) Freight Train (2): Speed 2. You may move in a straight line as far as you want until contacting a border.  Any enemies encountered are pushed aside to an adjacent space of your choice, lose the rest of their turn, and take 2 damage.
5) Machine Shop (3): Speed 10. Declare that you will be in the machine shop for X turns.  Lose your next X turns, but gain 3 health for each turn spent in the shop.  Health gain applies at the beginning of turns.
6) Pain Train (2): Speed 9. Select any other space on the map, and select a direction. You fire your gun at that space and all spaces that follow in your chosen direction.  All enemies/allies/self that are hit take 3 damage.
7) Mortar Launch (3): Speed 8. You fire a barrage of mortars into the air directed at each enemy player. Keep this card out to replay next turn.  Upon replaying at Speed 8 the next turn, all enemies that have not moved since the mortars fired take 3 damage.



Ongoing:
Magazine (1): Speed 10. Ongoing. Damaging an enemy this turn allows you to play an additional card.  You are not allowed to play the same ability twice.
No Brakes (1): Speed 1. Ongoing. When using power 'All Aboard!' you can now move through enemies. Enemies contacted this way take 5 damage.
Penetrating Rounds (1): Speed 10. Ongoing. 'Rail Gun' attacks now cause the enemy to discard all Ongoing powers.
Crazy Train (1): Speed 10. Ongoing. You're going off the rails, and 'Rail Gun' and 'All Aboard!' are now cast twice a turn as long as the casts go in different directions.


Model: https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:2839179