Health 4 Enemies: 29
Health 6 Enemies: 44

Dissipate (2): Speed 1. Dissipate into a cloud of sand.  Reform on any space within 4 distance of your origin.
Sand Wall (2): Speed 7. Select a direction.  Summon an enormous wall of sand that blows across the entire map.  All enemies are shoved 2 spaces in the chosen direction.
Sarcophagus (2): Speed 1. Grab an adjacent enemy and pull them into a sarcophagus with you.  You both miss the rest of this turn and the next 2 turns.  You are both invulnerable during this time.
Locust Swarm (2): Speed 5. Release a swarm of locusts that travel in a straight line until contacting a border.  All enemies within that line have all their Ongoing powers stripped.
Chariot of Fire (6): Speed 6. Ride your flaming chariot in a straight line for up to 3 spaces or until contacting an enemy/border.  Any enemy adjacent to any of these movement spaces takes 4 damage.
Sun Glass (2): Speed 9.  Focus the beams of the desert sun onto any enemy on the map.  3 damage.
Burning Sun (2): Speed 2.  Select a burdened player to collapse under the desert sun.  That player takes 2 damage per On-Going effect they have in play.
Short-Curved Sword (2): Speed 3. Slash an adjacent enemy for 6 damage.
Oasis (3): Speed 8.  Call upon a fresh underground spring to appear on any tile of your choice. Note the travel distance, X, from your current position to this Oasis.  Stepping on the Oasis will consume it and heal you 2*X damage.




Ongoing:
Isis (1): Ongoing. Speed 7.  Isis teaches your enemies the funerary practices and temple rites.  Any enemy who strikes a death blow to another player loses their next 2 turns.
Ra (1): Ongoing. Speed 7.  You are empowered by the Sun God. Each turn you may choose to not draw a card and play 2 cards instead.
Set (1): Ongoing. Speed 7.  The god of violent chaos selects 2 random enemies and swaps their positions.  This effect only activates 50% of turns. Takes effect with Speed 7.
Osiris (1): Ongoing. Speed 7.  The god of the afterlife grants you strength.  You cannot die while Osiris is in play; minimum health is 1.
Anubis (1): Ongoing. Speed 7.  Anubis embalms adjacent enemies.  They are unable to move this turn. Takes effect with Speed 7.
Horus (1): Ongoing. Speed 7.  The Eye of Horus protects you.  Heal 3 health for each adjacent enemy. Takes effect with Speed 7.
Sekhmet (1): Ongoing. Speed 7.  Become empowered by the warlike lioness goddess Sekhmet.  Each enemy takes 1 additional damage the first time you damage them this turn.
